Hi everyone, guys, welcome to this
new video I'm scared since yesterday
here on the fifa plaza canal for
bring you the third episode of the squads
builder
first of all thank you for the success
who had the last discounts from that
last week than if you haven't
visa invitation to see
today, however, I am here to present you one
team I have form 4 3 1 2 from
total cost of about 40,000
credits in this team are present
even four players upgrade
but let's go immediately to discover the porter
of this team that the goalkeeper of
real madrid iker casillas
here it is 84 of 185 overall height
then I must say that I expected
a little bit more is not as bad as
goalkeeper but we all know that i
goalkeepers
in this game they are a little go moments
in short, sometimes they make great buildings
at other times they make ducks
incredible, however, a good goalkeeper
casillas 5,200 credits its price a
right we try the back of the paris
saint germain
wishes here it is here 77 of overall warcraft
high high really very important for
this player who is one of the best
players of this team because it gives you
truly an offensive contribution
but also really in defense
unbelievable I didn't expect it like that
strong this player 750 believe his
price and I must say that it is really worth it
everyone next to him we find another
player from real madrid and we are
speaking of the French central defender
raphaël varane 81 overall 191
speed 76 high 80 defenses 76 of
physical and ritual the spectacular player
which I use very often in mine
teams because it's really incredible
next to him we find the first player
upgrade of this team
and I'm talking about nicolas otamendi
here is the former central defender of the
port
183 of height 71 of speed 85 of
defense 81 of life
physical values ​​really good for
a player that costs only 700 credits
in game
I must say that I was expecting something
more but still remains a good defender
central to the left we pass in the
Italian league and we find the
Juventus fullback
patrice evra 80 of 79 overall
physical defense speed 79 at 79
how can we see statistics
fairly homogeneous for this player
who does his homework and as a fullback
sinister is more than good
passing through the midfield we find a
right back to paris and we find
Matuidi
here it is 83 of overall high on the team
working for him 78 of speed 84 of
82 defense of physique and also a good 76
passing a player really
very complete that really knows how to do
so everything will be great this
French midfielder who surely
you will know in the midst of this
midfield we find another player
upgrade and I'm talking
enzo pérez a player really
amazing and surprising 81 over
look here for statistics on this
really very complete player
normal high the world trade so there
also ensures good coverage in
defensive phase
1620 its price is at home reach
an amazing player on the left dc
this midfield we return to the
juventus that we find roberto for eva
that despite being a co there is fine
in this position of mezzala seen i
its warcraft high high 4 star pd
weak 400 credits its price
a truly incredible player who
in game it really turns out to be a player
amazing behind the tips we find a
other player upgrades he received
also an upgrade regarding the
star skill and I'm talking about isco un
player who finally becomes a
excellent playmaker since he already had
excellent statistics but the
these four were missing
stars move
who sells a player really
interesting 1,700 injured its price
77 speed at 77 withdrawal 84 of
passage and bale 87 in a player
that goes forward seeing his
low warcraft high so perfect in
this module to support the maneuver
offensive
in attack guys we find two
truly incredible French players
on the one hand the real striker
madrid karim benzema
here it is guys the player more
expensive than this normal low team
in word trade 4 full weak stars 4
stars move truth 84 of speed 84 of
pass 75 pass
82 of thrilling and 74 of physical one
incredible attacker I used
often in an attack that included one
single tip but I have to say that with next
another tip definitely much more
effective aside we find him
the last player upgrades this one
team
and I'm talking about alexander the little house
82 more cutted overall than the
its previous high normal version
work race 4 stars mobility 88 of
speed 83 of god 72 of passage 85 of
dribbling and 75 of physical a player
really very complete in five
matches but scored only one goal
and two assists but I must say that anyway
a player with potential
unbelievable
you will see the facts then in the clips a goal
really amazing that he did
so a really incredible attack
for this team formed precisely
from benzema and the cottage
this is the complete team I hope you will
both liked it so leave a nice like
I remind you to go through our forum
in description in description I leave you
also the link to the topic
in which you will be able to decide which team
I had to bring you next week
so I recommend you go below in
description to vote for the team that
you would like to see in the next episode
subscribe to our channel if the video
you liked it if you want to know a little
the better I will also remember him
link of my personal channel in
description I leave you to the clips and there
see you next week bye everyone
boys